Miss Ye's pen is so useful.
You can eat and drink for free
Looks like I managed to fool everyone
What's wrong with my cousin coming out?
Miss
Is your cousin an ugly girl maniac?
You are so happy.
Our Ye family
Just me
Of course, it's the apple of the family's eye
Today is a good time
When will this Michelin dish be available?
It's me. I can't wait.
Serve quickly
There are more guests today.
It may take a while.
Don't you know who I am?
Ordinary guests get out of the way
Give me first
Keep your eyes peeled
This is your boss's most precious back.
Excuse me.
It's against the rules.
How dare the stinky waiter talk back to me
I don't want to do it anymore, don't worry.
Night cat, you are too much.
I just happened to be treating you to dinner
Is this how you repay me?
Quickly apologize to the eldest lady
He should have apologized to the waiter.
Against you
Sister brother, give your eldest lady a good drink